Update powershell-script-teams-messaging-policy-edu.md (#4349)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/scripts/powershell-script-teams-messaging-policy-edu.md

If you're new to PowerShell and need help getting started, see [Overview of Azure PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/overview?view=azurermps-5.1.1).

## Before you start
Download and install the [Skype for Business Online Connector module](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=39366), and then restart your computer if prompted.

> View [Manage Skype for Business Online with Office 365 PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/powershell/manage-skype-for-business-online-with-office-365-powershell) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View [Manage Skype for Business Online with Office 365 PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/powershell/manage-skype-for-business-online-with-office-365-powershell) for more information.
```
